scripts/conformer-search/README.md, before:

Conformational Isomerism
========================

In chemistry, conformational isomerism is a form of stereoisomerism in which the isomers can be interconverted just by rotations about formally single bonds. <sup>[1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conformational_isomerism)</sup>

<p align="center"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/Interconversion_between_eclipsed_and_gauche_conformations..png"> </p>

Conformer Search
----------------

Here several tools are shown to perform a molecular conformer search. Conformer search can be helpful to generate potential energy surfaces, identify transition states and more. Here I will also show how to use conformer search to *approximate* flexible adsorption using GCMC simulations.

I will be using [xyz file format](http://openbabel.org/wiki/XYZ) throughout this tutorial as that's my favorite molecule file format due to it's simplicity.

### 1. [OpenBabel Conformer Search][OpenBabelConformerSearch]
The first software I will talk about is [OpenBabel][OpenBabelMain] which is a very powerful chemical toolbox that is mainly used to convert between more than 100 (!!!) chemical file formats. Also it's open-source!

#### Genetic algorithm
To get more information about the usage of genetic algorithm:
```
obabel -L conformer
```

Using the following line 30 conformers of `myconf.xyz` can be generated by scoring them according to RMSD:
```
obabel myconf.xyz -O gaconf.xyz --conformer --nconf 30 --score rmsd --writeconformers
```

#### Confab
Confab uses *torsion driving approach* to geenrate conformers as described in the [article by O'Boyle et al.](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1186/1758-2946-3-8) published in Journal of Cheminformatics.
<p align="center"> <img src="https://static-content.springer.com/image/art%3A10.1186%2F1758-2946-3-8/MediaObjects/13321_2011_Article_123_Figa_HTML.gif"> </p>

To get more information about the usage of confab:
```
obabel -L confab
```

Using the following line 30 conformers of `myconf.xyz` can be generated and written to `confab_conf.xyz`.
```
obabel myconf.xyz -O confab_conf.xyz --confab --conf 30
```
Optionally generated conformers can be compared to original molecule by using `confabreport`. To get more information about the usage of `confabreport`:
```
obabel -L confabreport
```

[**OpenBabel documentation on generating conformers**](OpenBabelConformerSearch)

### 2. CSD Python API

Alternatively [CSD Python API][CSD Python API] can be used to search for conformers as well. Unfortunately [CSD Python API][CSD Python API] requires [CCDC][CCDC] license for installation. If you are a PhD student there is a good chance your institution would have a license. You cantact [CCDC][CCDC] to ask if you have a institution license. Another issue is [CSD Python API][CSD Python API] uses Python 2 which and the I find the installation a bit tricky. With all that said I think [CSD Python API][CSD Python API] is a powerful tool not only because of the conformer search but because it gives you access to the Cambridge Structural Database which has > 875,000 crystal structures. The [CSD conformer tutorial][CSD Conformer Tutorial] is used as an example to generate given number of conformers and perform force field minimisation. More information can be found in [CSD conformer API][CSD Conformer API].

I have written a command-line-interface (CLI) for generating conformers using [CSD Python API][CSD Python API]. You can access the scripts from the [BioMOF](https://github.com/kbsezginel/biomof) repository. Using the CLI 100 conformers for a given molecule can be generated as follows:
```
python conformer_search.py myconf.mol2 100
```

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
[OpenBabelMain]: http://openbabel.org/wiki/Main_Page
[OpenBabelConformerSearch]: http://open-babel.readthedocs.io/en/latest/3DStructureGen/multipleconformers.html
[CCDC]: https://www.ccdc.cam.ac.uk/
[CSD Python API]: https://downloads.ccdc.cam.ac.uk/documentation/API/
[CSD Conformer Tutorial]: https://downloads.ccdc.cam.ac.uk/documentation/API/descriptive_docs/conformer.html
[CSD Conformer API]: https://downloads.ccdc.cam.ac.uk/documentation/API/modules/conformer_api.html

Commit message:

Add conformer_search scripts and update README

scripts/conformer-search/README.md, after:

Conformational Isomerism
========================

In chemistry, conformational isomerism is a form of stereoisomerism in which the isomers can be interconverted just by rotations about formally single bonds. <sup>[1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conformational_isomerism)</sup>

<p align="center"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/Interconversion_between_eclipsed_and_gauche_conformations..png"> </p>

Conformer Search
----------------

Here several tools are shown to perform a molecular conformer search. Conformer search can be helpful to generate potential energy surfaces, identify transition states and more. Here I will also show how to use conformer search to *approximate* flexible adsorption using GCMC simulations.

I will be using [xyz file format](http://openbabel.org/wiki/XYZ) throughout this tutorial as that's my favorite molecule file format due to it's simplicity.

### 1. [OpenBabel Conformer Search][OpenBabelConformerSearch]
The first software I will talk about is [OpenBabel][OpenBabelMain] which is a very powerful chemical toolbox that is mainly used to convert between more than 100 (!!!) chemical file formats. Also it's open-source!

#### Genetic algorithm
To get more information about the usage of genetic algorithm:
```
obabel -L conformer
```

Using the following line 30 conformers of `myconf.xyz` can be generated by scoring them according to RMSD:
```
obabel myconf.xyz -O gaconf.xyz --conformer --nconf 30 --score rmsd --writeconformers
```

#### Confab
Confab uses *torsion driving approach* to geenrate conformers as described in the [article by O'Boyle et al.](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1186/1758-2946-3-8) published in Journal of Cheminformatics.
<p align="center"> <img src="https://static-content.springer.com/image/art%3A10.1186%2F1758-2946-3-8/MediaObjects/13321_2011_Article_123_Figa_HTML.gif"> </p>

To get more information about the usage of confab:
```
obabel -L confab
```

Using the following line 30 conformers of `myconf.xyz` can be generated and written to `confab_conf.xyz`.
```
obabel myconf.xyz -O confab_conf.xyz --confab --conf 30
```
Optionally generated conformers can be compared to original molecule by using `confabreport`. To get more information about the usage of `confabreport`:
```
obabel -L confabreport
```

[**OpenBabel documentation on generating conformers**](OpenBabelConformerSearch)

### 2. CSD Python API

Alternatively [CSD Python API][CSD Python API] can be used to search for conformers as well. Unfortunately [CSD Python API][CSD Python API] requires [CCDC][CCDC] license for installation. If you are a PhD student there is a good chance your institution would have a license. You cantact [CCDC][CCDC] to ask if you have a institution license. Another issue is [CSD Python API][CSD Python API] uses Python 2 which and the I find the installation a bit tricky. With all that said I think [CSD Python API][CSD Python API] is a powerful tool not only because of the conformer search but because it gives you access to the Cambridge Structural Database which has > 875,000 crystal structures. The [CSD conformer tutorial][CSD Conformer Tutorial] is used as an example to generate given number of conformers and perform force field minimisation. More information can be found in [CSD conformer API][CSD Conformer API].

I have written a command-line-interface (CLI) for generating conformers using [CSD Python API][CSD Python API]. You can access the scripts from the [BioMOF](https://github.com/kbsezginel/biomof) repository. Using the CLI 100 conformers for a given molecule can be generated as follows:
```
python conformer_search.py myconf.mol2 100
```

Using the CLI molecule definition and input files for RASPA simulations can be generated. Also you can perform a geometric structure comparison using [Soft Overlap of Atomic Positions (SOAP)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1601.04077) method with the [glosim](https://github.com/cosmo-epfl/glosim) Python library. Using the following line you can get more information about the usage of CLI:
```
python conformer_search.py --help
```

I am also planning to write a CLI for OpenBabel conformer search in the near future. Stay tuned!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
[OpenBabelMain]: http://openbabel.org/wiki/Main_Page
[OpenBabelConformerSearch]: http://open-babel.readthedocs.io/en/latest/3DStructureGen/multipleconformers.html
[CCDC]: https://www.ccdc.cam.ac.uk/
[CSD Python API]: https://downloads.ccdc.cam.ac.uk/documentation/API/
[CSD Conformer Tutorial]: https://downloads.ccdc.cam.ac.uk/documentation/API/descriptive_docs/conformer.html
[CSD Conformer API]: https://downloads.ccdc.cam.ac.uk/documentation/API/modules/conformer_api.html
